After a period of instability, I need a quiet and predictable environment.
I need a quiet and predictable environment for me to switch from one task to another easily. 
I often struggle to concentrate in busy and/or unpredictable environments. 
I find sudden unexpected disruptions to my attention startling. 
It's distressing to be unexpectedly pulled away from something I'm engaged in.
I rarely find simultaneously holding eye contact and making a verbal conversation with another person uncomfortable. *
I often notice details that others do not.
Involvement in an activity of interest often reduces my anxiety level.
I find social interactions more comfortable if communicating about atopic of interest to me.
I am often totally focused on activities I am passionate about, to the point I am unaware of other events. 
I can get quite good at something even if I'm not especially interested in it. *
I often lose sense of time when engaging in activities I am passionate about.
I sometimes avoid talking because I cannot reliably predict how others will react, especially strangers. 
I tend to do activities because I find them interesting, instead of due to societal expectations.
I rarely find social situations chaotic. *
I don't mind if someone interrupts me when I'm in the middle of an activity. *
When I'm working on something, I'm open to helpful suggestions.*
I often find it difficult to switch topics after engaging in an activity for a longtime.
I often engage in activities I am passionate about to escape from anxiety.
Routines provide an important source of stability and safety. 
I manage uncertainty by creating routines. 
I often experience anxiety over matters I have little certainty over. 
I find it difficult to engage in a task of no interest to me even if it is important. 
I often find engaging in stimming (e.g.,fidgeting, rocking) to be relaxing. 
I am usually passionate about a few topics at any one time in my life. 
I have trouble filtering out sounds when I am not doing something I'm focused on. 
I usually mean what I say and no more than that.
I often engage in lengthy discussions on topics I find interesting even though my conversational partner(s) do not. 
I sometimes accidentally say something others find offensive/ rude when I am focused on a task. 
I can sometimes be very distressed by a topic that others think of as trivial. 
I find it easy to keep up with group discussions where everyone is speaking.*
Often when I am focused on activities, I do not notice I am thirsty or hungry. 
Often when I am focused on activities, I do not notice I need the bathroom. 
When there is a lot of information to consider, I often struggle to make a decision.  
Sometimes making a decision is so hard I get physically stuck.  
I sometimes focus on an incident for a substantial time (days) after the event.
I sometimes become highly anxious by focusing on the many possible situations that might occur at a future event.
Sometimes when I am focused on an activity, I do not recall all the information I might need to make good decisions. 
People tell me I get fixated on things. 
I find a problem I can't solve distressing and/or hard to put down. 
I tend to feel quite self-conscious unless I'm deeply absorbed in a task.  
I often get stuck thinking about all the possibilities that might come out of a decision. 
When I am interested in something, I tend to be passionate about it. 
When I am interested in a topic, I like to learn everything I can about that topic.  
I am still fascinated by many of the things I was interested in when I was much younger.
I rarely find myself getting stuck in loops of thought. * 
I often loop back to previous thoughts. 